Fix example problems (#19258)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/javascript/reference/functions/rest_parameters/index.md

### From arguments to an array

> Rest parameters were introduced to reduce the boilerplate code that was commonly used for converting a set of arguments to an array.

Reviewer: It's showing how `arguments` used to be a pain, and how rest parameters fix that. It's a "motivation" part, which makes a lot of sense to me. Every feature needs a motivation—they aren't there just to be there.

> Before rest parameters, "arguments" could be converted to a normal array using:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before rest parameters, `arguments` need to be converted to a normal array before calling array methods on them:
```

Reviewer: Not any kind of "use", but specifically "use them in an array-like fashion".
